add diagnosis script (#5683)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/operational-guides/troubleshooting/diagnostics.md

---
id: diagnostics
title: "Diagnostics"
sidebar_label: "Diagnostics"
description: "Get diagnostics and logs from a Helm chart deployment."
---

## Diagnostics collection script

This script automates the process of gathering logs and diagnostics from a Camunda Helm chart deployment running in a Kubernetes cluster. It collects all relevant information—including pod logs, events, and resource details—into a single directory, and outputs it in a .zip file to make it easy sharing these information with the Camunda Support team.

### What the script collects

The script outputs the following data from your namespace and creates a :

- **Pod Information**: Current and previous logs and full pod descriptions.
- **Cluster Events**: Sorted by time to help identify recent issues.
- **Storage Details**: PV and PVC descriptions.
- **Cluster Nodes**: Node descriptions.
- **Network Resources**: Services, endpoints, and ingresses.
- **Configuration**: Config map information.

### Usage

1. Save the script below as e.g. `camunda-collect-diagnostics.sh`.
2. Replace <NAMESPACE> with the namespace of your Camunda deployment
3. Make the script executable.

> ```bash

Author: fixed

chmod +x camunda-collect-diagnostics.sh
```

> 4. Run the script.

Author: fixed

> ```bash

Author: fixed

./camunda-collect-diagnostics.sh
```

> 5. Share the generated `.zip` archive with Camunda Support

Author: fixed

sidebar_label: "Diagnostics"
description: "Get diagnostics and logs from a Helm chart deployment."
---

## Diagnostics collection script

This script automates the process of gathering logs and diagnostics from a Camunda Helm chart deployment running in a Kubernetes cluster. It collects all relevant information—including pod logs, events, and resource details—into a single directory, and outputs it in a .zip file to make it easy sharing these information with the Camunda Support team.

### What the script collects

The script outputs the following data from your namespace and creates a :

- **Pod Information**: Current and previous logs and full pod descriptions.
- **Cluster Events**: Sorted by time to help identify recent issues.
- **Storage Details**: PV and PVC descriptions.
- **Cluster Nodes**: Node descriptions.
- **Network Resources**: Services, endpoints, and ingresses.
- **Configuration**: Config map information.

### Usage

1. Save the script below as e.g. `camunda-collect-diagnostics.sh`.
2. Replace <NAMESPACE> with the namespace of your Camunda deployment.
3. Make the script executable.

```bash
chmod +x camunda-collect-diagnostics.sh
```

4. Run the script.

> ```bash

Author: addressed

---
id: diagnostics
title: "Diagnostics"
sidebar_label: "Diagnostics"
description: "Get diagnostics and logs from a Helm chart deployment."
---

## Diagnostics collection script

This script automates the process of gathering logs and diagnostics from a Camunda Helm chart deployment running in a Kubernetes cluster. It collects all relevant information—including pod logs, events, and resource details—into a single directory, and outputs it in a .zip file to make it easy sharing these information with the Camunda Support team.

### What the script collects

The script outputs the following data from your namespace and creates a :

- **Pod Information**: Current and previous logs and full pod descriptions.
- **Cluster Events**: Sorted by time to help identify recent issues.
- **Storage Details**: PV and PVC descriptions.
- **Cluster Nodes**: Node descriptions.
- **Network Resources**: Services, endpoints, and ingresses.
- **Configuration**: Config map information.

### Usage

1. Save the script below as e.g. `camunda-collect-diagnostics.sh`.
. Replace `<NAMESPACE>` &lt;NAMESPACE&gt; with the namespace of your Camunda deployment.

> 3. Make the script executable.

Author: addressed

---
id: diagnostics
title: "Diagnostics"
sidebar_label: "Diagnostics"
description: "Get diagnostics and logs from a Helm chart deployment."
---

## Diagnostics collection script

> This script automates the process of gathering logs and diagnostics from a Camunda Helm chart deployment running in a Kubernetes cluster. It collects all relevant information—including pod logs, events, and resource details—into a single directory, and outputs it in a .zip file to make it easy sharing these information with the Camunda Support team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script automates the process of gathering logs and diagnostics from a Camunda Helm chart deployment running in a Kubernetes cluster. The script collects all relevant information (including pod logs, events, and resource details) into a single directory, and outputs it in a .zip file to make it easier to share this information with the Camunda Support team.
```

### What the script collects

> The script outputs the following data from your namespace and creates a :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script outputs the following data from your namespace and creates a zip file containing the following:
```
Suggestion - wasn't sure what this was meant to be, but took a guess? Please ignore, or change as you see fit?

- **Pod Information**: Current and previous logs and full pod descriptions.
- **Cluster Events**: Sorted by time to help identify recent issues.
- **Storage Details**: PV and PVC descriptions.
- **Cluster Nodes**: Node descriptions.
- **Network Resources**: Services, endpoints, and ingresses.
- **Configuration**: Config map information.

### Usage

> 1. Save the script below as e.g. `camunda-collect-diagnostics.sh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Save the following script as `camunda-collect-diagnostics.sh` for example.
```

2. Make the script executable:

```bash
chmod +x camunda-collect-diagnostics.sh
```

> 3. Execute the script replacing `<namespace>` with the namespace of your Camunda deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Execute the script, replacing `<namespace>` with the namespace of your Camunda deployment:
```
